Homepage: add overview of full node benefits (#783)
bitcoin-core/bitcoincore.org: _posts/en/pages/2016-01-01-index.md

title: Bitcoin
name: index
permalink: /
version: 3
tags: [bitcoin, bitcoin core]

## Strings to localize on translated versions of this page
bitcoin-core: "Bitcoin Core"
download-bitcoin-core: "Download Bitcoin Core"
about1: >
  The Bitcoin Core project provides software that helps you use Bitcoin.
  Its flagship program is a full node that finds the valid chain
  of blocks with the most Proof-of-Work (PoW).  The users of Bitcoin
  Core only accept transactions on that chain, making it the Bitcoin
  block chain that everyone else wants to use.

about2: >
  It is these users who keep Bitcoin decentralized. They
  individually run their own Bitcoin Core full nodes, and each of

>   those full nodes separately follows the exact same rules to decide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  those full nodes separately follow the exact same rules to decide
```

Author: I believe the agreement here is correct.

Reviewer: Full nodes follow
Full node follows.

"follow" should be singular

Author: It still sounds wrong to me in the singular, but I don't think it's important, so I'll change it.

  which block chain is valid.

about3: >

>   There's no voting or other corruptible process involved: there's
>   just individual software following identical rules to evaluate
>   identical blocks and coming to identical conclusions about which block
>   chain is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  There's no voting or other corruptible process involved: there's
  just individual software following identical rules to evaluate
  data in order to come to identical conclusions about which block
  chain is valid.
```

Author: What's the nit here?

Reviewer: It's better (IMO) when the verbs are in the same form (to evaluate, to come).  Otherwise, since "and coming to identical conclusions about which block chain is valid" is not a full sentence, you need a comma before the "and".

I also changed "identical blocks" -> "data" because full nodes are evaluated blocks are transactions, and because they could be fed different transactions, and I guess technically different blocks by attackers.

Author: I don't understand:

> I also changed "identical blocks" -> "data" because full nodes are evaluated blocks are transactions, and because they could be fed different transactions, and I guess technically different blocks by attackers.

Reviewer: Woops, sorry.

I also changed "identical blocks" -> "data" because full nodes evaluate blocks and transactions, and also because nodes could be fed different transactions, and I guess technically different blocks by attackers.

about4: >
  This shared agreement (called consensus) allows people like you to

>   only accept valid bitcoins, enforcing Bitcoin's rules without

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  only accept valid bitcoin, enforcing Bitcoin's rules without
```

  any dependency on centralized authorities.

about5: >
  In addition to improving Bitcoin's decentralization, Bitcoin Core

>   users get better security for their bitcoins, privacy features not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  users get better security for their bitcoin, privacy features not
```
